i was taking my dog out for a walk
and then i just heard someone say
i dare you to go and kick that in
the ed
now i probably wouldn't even have heard
them say that if they'd not use the word
it's a word i really hate it's a word
that
has followed me all my life as i looked
over
the person that a man was already almost
in front of me
and it kicked me in the head at this
side
in the face i felt angry
very angry actually like how dare you
how dare you do that to me
why why would you do that to anyone
as a result of the incident i'd got a
perforated eardrum
and a fractured skull
the week before lockdown we were walking
down the road
and all of a sudden somebody had stopped
and blocked my way in front of me
i was aware that this woman's face was
right up to mine and she just started
shouting and yelling at me and then the
next thing i heard
inca really yelp i said to her what on
earth have you just done so she actually
said to me oh well i've just kicked your
dog because it shouldn't be
out animals are carrying the coronavirus
inca just fell down to the floor so i
knew that she'd obviously been hurt
turned around and went home called the
police
then got a friend to run me down to the
vets with income we found out that she
got
severe bruising
[Music]
i get targeted a lot i get socially
outcast and people are so quick to judge
people
profile me he's unusually outgoing
for someone inspection so he likes to go
out and
he does generally like people
i was wearing at the bus stop
these guys came out no way it just
happened
somebody showered abuse at me as i'm
coming after you and stuff like
i'm coming after you there was two of
them and they just
charged right into me and started
throwing multiple punches and i ran away
they managed to trip me over when i got
to the side of the road and
started kicking me when i'm down
basically yeah two cars pulled over
and they called the police
he was covered in blood he had a
dislocated shoulder
from the attack and you know
they just weren't found and they still
weren't brought to justice
the police had two good witnesses who
stopped to assist
there was an abundance of cameras on
this estate
and i can't understand why moore wasn't
investigated
how would you feel if tomorrow morning
you woke up
and you couldn't see just having to find
the confidence to go out and navigate
your way
around you feel vulnerable as it is
but then to be assaulted and attacked
it was so destroying i've always been a
person that's tried to fight for
disability rights and everything but i
just think sometimes
it doesn't go far enough they've taken
my
they've taken my freedom away from me
and i'm a very outgoing person
very and i love socializing
but i can't do that now without anyone
being with me
all the time if you've got a disability
that's hard enough those two men that
did that to me
obviously thought it was okay to do that
and am i supposed to just accept that am
i supposed to just think
well it's my fault because i'm disabled
no i'm not